feat(mail-sending): add property to switch feature on/off (#32)
REDLab-Team/gnirps: core/README.md

val executionTime: Long = measureTimeMillis {
    ...
}
```

## Error handling
The error handling aimed at emailing the raised errors to follow them.

### Principles

> If an error occurred, the mailing configuration is checked and the mail is sent only with the folowing configuration : 
> * the mail sending is enabled : param gnirps.core.mail-sender.enable=true
> * all the hosts, user/password, and recipients are valid
> 
> ### Mail notifications
> The google SMTP is no longer available.
> We have to configure the mailing information. We have two way to do this :
> - define the following environment variables
>   - GNIRPS.CORE.MAIL-SENDER.HOST
>   - GNIRPS.CORE.MAIL-SENDER.USERNAME
>   - GNIRPS.CORE.MAIL-SENDER.PASSWORD
>   - GNIRPS.CORE.MAIL-SENDER.RECIPIENTS
> - or overwrite the following properties in application.yml
>   - gnirps.core.mail-sender.host
>   - gnirps.core.mail-sender.username
>   - gnirps.core.mail-sender.password
>   - gnirps.core.mail-sender.recipients

Reviewer: niptick:
```suggestion
If an error occurred, the mailing configuration is checked and the mail is sent only with the folowing configuration: 
* the send email feature is enabled: set `param gnirps.core.mail-sender.enable: true` into `application.yml`
* host, credentials and recipients are valid

### Mail notifications
The google SMTP is no longer available.
We have to configure the mailing information. We have two ways to do this:
- define the following environment variables:
  - `GNIRPS.CORE.MAIL-SENDER.HOST`
  - `GNIRPS.CORE.MAIL-SENDER.USERNAME`
  - `GNIRPS.CORE.MAIL-SENDER.PASSWORD`
  - `GNIRPS.CORE.MAIL-SENDER.RECIPIENTS`
- or overwrite the following properties in `application.yml`:
  - `gnirps.core.mail-sender.host`
  - `gnirps.core.mail-sender.username`
  - `gnirps.core.mail-sender.password`
  - `gnirps.core.mail-sender.recipients`
```

Reviewer 2: corrigé 70095d91c9981060d0e8308797bd97bb9721fe39
